Cmdlet example updated and minor content updates (#775)
Azure/azure-docs-powershell-azuread: docs-conceptual/azureadps-2.0/Cannot-find-object.md

ms.reviewer: rodejo
---
# I'm looking for a user or a group but PowerShell does not return the object

> Sometimes you are trying to find an object, for instance a group or a user, but PowerShell does not return the object you are looking for. However, you are sure it exists, perhaps because it shows up in the portal, or because you just created it yourself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes you're trying to find an object--for instance, a group or a user--but PowerShell doesn't return the object you're looking for. However, you're sure it exists because it shows up in the portal or because you just created the object.
```

> What is happening here and how can we fix this?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
What is happening here and how can you fix this?
```

## Searching for objects

> The most common way to search for a user is to use Get-AzureADUser which returns all users in your directory and then filter on the property values you are looking for. For example,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The most common way to search for a user is to use Get-AzureADUser to get all users in your directory and then filter on the property values that you're looking for. For example:
```

```powershell
Get-AzureADUser | Where {$_.City -eq "London"}
```

> You would expect PowerShell to return all users where the value for the City property equals `London`. However, the Get-AzureADUser cmdlet by default only returns the first 100 objects it finds. The subsequent `where` filters these first 100 objects to find users where the City equals `London`. If the user you are looking for exists in your directory but is not in the first 100 users that are returned by the Get-azureADUser cmdlet, that user will not be returned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You would expect PowerShell to return all users where the value for the City property equals `London`. However, the Get-AzureADUser cmdlet by default only returns the first 100 objects it finds. The subsequent `where` filters these first 100 objects to find users where the City equals `London`. If the user you're looking for exists in your directory but is not in the first 100 users that are returned by the Get-azureADUser cmdlet, that user will not be returned.
```

## How to return all objects for subsequent filtering

> To get the Get-AzureADUser cmdlet to return all users, you would use the `-All` parameter. For example,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get the Get-AzureADUser cmdlet to return all users, use the `-All` parameter. For example:
```

> Now all user objects are returned, and the filter works on all user objects in your directory. So the correct way to find all users where City equals London is:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, all user objects are returned, and the filter works on all user objects in your directory. So, the correct way to find all users where City equals London is:
```

```powershell
Get-AzureADUser -All $True | Where {$_.City -eq "London"}
```

> Note that this approach works for all properties of objects. For a limited number of string properties you can also use the `-SearchString` parameter. For example,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This approach works for all properties of objects. For a limited number of string properties, you can also use the `-SearchString` parameter. For example:
```

```powershell
Get-AzureADUser -SearchString "London"
```

> This will return all users where one of the qualifying string attributes on the user object equals `London` - which would include users who's DisplayName equals `Jack London` or where the Department equals `London`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will return all users where one of the qualifying string attributes on the user object equals `London`, which would include users whose DisplayName equals `Jack London` or where the Department equals `London`.
```
